all right I have cut the carrier out
from the car and excised it right there
right in front of the Torsen tubes just
cut right across there come on out I put
a couple of slices here for the frame is
going to go up in there and we also cut
off the emergency brake line there where
that comes out and the heater hose out
we cut that off we're smooth all that up
and grind it I cut that one off cut that
out there's no reason to have those and
there we have it it's all set to clean
up a little bit and then mount it on the
flame right here's the pedals that are
set to go okay set the seat in the right
position and Mark it and then I'll put
the top tubes in and the carrier the
carrier is sitting right there it's
ready to install and that's it now I was
said getting ready to set the set the
carrier and get it welded on and we
brought it up with the engine hoist and
set her in place
and next we'll start centering and
measuring from point to point and square
this thing up alright first thing we do
is level the frame okay and then we set
the carrier on and we set the level
across there make sure it's in our nice
even spot and we level the carrier also
at the same time is letting the front
then the next step is degenerate measure
from that pipe how - oh let's show the
end of the plate there but we can
duplicate on the other side fifteen and
a quarter
put this up right there 15 and a quarter
we got 15 and a quarter right there okay
that's in it then the next step will be
to measure from here up to a center
point in the head we're going to put a
mark right there I'm going to put a mark
right there and then measure equally and
triangulate from that corner to that
corner that to this corner and then that
will be square
right now I am prepping the seeds for
the fitting so we know where to put the
seat in relation to the pedals he's
going to come over tomorrow and do that
so what we've done is we take this phone
and we glue on four layers thick
half-inch from four layers thick and I'm
not going to go into the frame because
they got welding to do back here the tab
so you don't want that glue going we'll
burn it but this is just for the fitting
and then we're going to take a chopper
pad glue it on also so that's what
she'll be sitting on tomorrow when we do
the pedals and that's that the distance
between the carrier and the pedals here
to the determines the length of the
trike and the height of the person that
you're building the scooter for this one
here is 55 is 55 inches and it'll fit
somebody that's about between five six
and five nine five ten little kiddos
easily move this forward for a shorter
person and back for much taller person
okay so we measured the frame from this
point up to X in the head a little X I
put up there and measured it and squared
it and make sure both sides are exactly
the same
now we cut a couple of little pieces of
square solid stock and we're going to
weld them in my hair joining the frame
to the carrier and join the frame to the
carrier right there right there just to
block this in and and beef up this whole
thing this is part of what gives you
off-road capabilities is being able to
beat this unit up as much as you can
alright it's all welded in called welded
to end that's all welded up this aspect
of this trike with the frame all the way
to the rear end of the carrier and then
welded down is when it is one of the
major differences between my trikes and
everybody else this is why we go
off-road anytime anywhere no questions
asked because of that alright I have
determined the exact location of the
seat because Linda came over and we had
the seat sitting up there went to the
pedals and figured out what was right so
I bent this tube here right to the
bottom of the seat the bottom seat would
be right there and just comes up and
we'll square it we make sure it's square
and exactly centered and exactly even
even everywhere it's shoved in there
shoved in there ready to go and we'll
start welding it up in just a me